Result-Driven 
Legal REpresientation
We provide proven and transparent solutions for tax preperation, audit, tax conflict matters, back taxes, book keeping, payroll and more. We resolve you accounting needs while making the protection of your finances and property our top priority, talk to one of our experts now!
Bookkeeping services
Accounts receivable, accounts payable, profit and loss, balance sheets, general ledgers,
and more.
Audit Defense
Our team of attorneys and skilled negotiators will work with you to build a wining
defense.
Our specialists have spent years understanding the audit process, and are skilled in
every aspect of appeals and procedure.
We will take your case through the appeals process.
Payroll Services
Easy Setup and Maintenance. Employee and Employer reports at your fingertips.
Eliminate record keeping head aches.
Liability Representation
We specialize in representing the interests of Taxpayers with outstanding and
escalated tax debt.
We stop notices demanding repayment and threatening to garnish wages and/or
bank accounts. We fight to have all qualifying penalties and interest removed from
principal. We negotiate the amount owed, create payment agreements, and much
much more.
We help our clients succeed by delivering tax results that matter
How it Works...
Effective tax solutions
for every Client
Discovery
Comprehensive Consultation coupled with a free financial analysis to determine
what plans and programs and rates you qualify for. We then move into risk management research based forecasting.
Protect & Investigate
Our initial step is establishing IRS contact to protect our clients. We then apply
compliance actions in which we De-escalate and investigate the unique tax
situation. In addition to this we apply asset protection measures ensuring you are
free from wage garnishment, levies and other adverse actions
Representation
The next step is to apply the benefits of third party professional representation with current tax codes to negotiate the most savings and provide the best path to future success.
Resolution
After our process you will be free from the IRS, and have all your tax issues resolved, and hopefully get a better nights sleep!
macbook-03
Save Money, Save Time and Sleep Well
Who's Representing Your Interests?
We work with clients from all over the U.S. providing comprehensive and exhaustive solutions to
thousands of satisfied clients. Let us help you make the transition to freedom. Get back what is
important, your time and peace of mind.
More details
Advanced tax strategy and expert consultation.
We are our experts in identifying your current tax situation and creating a favorable outcome with the vast set of tools at our disposal.
Advisory & Financial Consulting
Tax Reductions
Legal Consultancy
Top-Notch Customer Service
And More...
Receive Your Free Consultation Now.
tax advocate group logo small
5301 Laurel Canyon Blvd #237 Valley Village, CA 91607
© 2019 TaxAdvocateGroup
Terms of Service
Privacy policy

About us
Services
Contact

Tax Solutions that protects your assets
Tax services
We present you with the best in tax support and resolution.
We will keep you informed and support you through out the entire process, shouldering most of the work and guide your tax situation to a positive resolution.
Stop Wage Garnishments
We end wage garnishment for you, freeing up spending money and hard earned cash
Lift Bank Levies
Experience the freedom of the removal of your bank levies
Remove Tax Liens
Our approach is highly effective in the removal of tax liens.
File Your Back Tax Returns
We file back taxes for you making taxes simpler than ever.
IRS Tax Audits
Make tax audits straight forward and resolve them quickly with us.
Navigate your IRS Tax Matter with a Professional
Negotiate an IRS Tax Settlement with favorable results.
Negotiate Unpaid Payroll Taxes
We negotiate for you, using our many years of payroll tax experience.
Save Time, Save Money & Sleep more peacefully
Save thousands let us guide you to tax resolution.
service-02-image-02
Client’s feedback
“GREAT JOB!!! Tax Advocate Group was able to release my wage garnishment,within days, This is a Fantastic company, If You have any tax issues , Please give them a call!!!!!”

Jack Mills
Jack Mills
“I went to the Tax Advocate Group in order to finish my tax problem I had a few different people try to complete my issues with the IRS but really all they did was push paper around and keep my guessing on my next move. The Tax Advocate Group really went to work straightaway, got me a deal I could afford and made the whole thing a understandable process that I could live with”

Rex Watson
Rex Watson
“The Best!!! Excellent service and follow through. Very thoughtful staff and they will keep you updated with what is going on, and any situations that come up were handled immediately. They were able to do what I thought could never be done. Thank you Tax Advocate Group”

Cassie Ventura
Cassie Ventura
“I had not filed my taxes in years and decided to call Tax Advocate Group. It was the best decision I ever made. Their very experienced staff of IRS Enrolled Agents, CPA’S and Attorneys are 2nd to none. They not only took care of my IRS problem, but gave peace of mind.”

Decker Combs
Decker Combs
“When you receive a letter in the mail that has IRS on it – you tend to lose a lot of sleep and sometimes don’t even open the envelope! I’ve had that experience and after making contact, I have to tell you, I slept better”

Blanche Smith
Blanche Smith
Get your tax solution NOW !!!
Call Now
tax advocate group logo small
5301 Laurel Canyon Blvd #237 Valley Village, CA 91607
© 2019 TaxAdvocateGroup
Terms of Service
Privacy policy

About us
Services
Contact


Who's Representing Your Interests?

Don’t Delay Get in touch with us Today!
Mailing Address
5301 Laurel Canyon Blvd #237
Valley Village, CA 91607
Call Us
1-800-578-3157
Call Now
1-800-578-3157
Name *
Email *
Phone number
Your message
tax advocate group logo small
5301 Laurel Canyon Blvd #237 Valley Village, CA 91607
© 2019 TaxAdvocateGroup
Terms of Service
Privacy policy

About us
Services
Contact

